---
layout: post
date: "2019-08-04"
title: AN ENTREPRENEUR'S GUIDE TO SUCCESSFULLY SCOUTING THE WEST COAST
categories: [blog]
tags: [rambling]
fullview: true
comments: true
urlcolor: #777
---

it’s sunday and i’ve made an entrepreneurial gamble that involves wandering off into yogi bear territory. the drive up is “pretty neat” around mt shasta but gets more tedious thereafter. i won’t complain. scouting is part of success. 

my intel: 

portland is like if you take out pittsburgh’s college town vibe and diversity and stick in white guys with tattoos

and suburban moms and hippies wearing no shirts

just kidding pittsburgh is becoming like that too

in eugene i went to this coffee/donut shop that had a guy in the back who made thai food. i wonder who propositioned who. in the middle of my donut this incredibly white family pulled up in a soccer mom van and out came four teenaged kids. polo shirt, cargo shorts, long nike socks, athletic shoes. one girl. i bet the boys carved a hole in the bathroom wall to sneak peaks before church. mom and dad stayed in the car. dad looked disgruntled. maybe his sermon didn’t go too well. 

seattle on the other hand is DYING according to [this nice video](https://youtu.be/bpAi70WWBlw) about homeless fellas on youtube. the people here don’t seem too spooked though. if anything seattle is dying from the inside. fremont feels like some boomer heard about hipsters and made a cafe and bar oriented theme park around “quirkiness” ex-dee. 

in other news amazon is moving to the suburbs with microsoft in the next few years removing another major draw to the inner city. assumedly after they arrive they'll hike up the housing cost and censor "head tax" from all company buildings in a CCP like fashion. 

i’m sitting in the university district right now. the squawks of the seagulls remind me to be increasingly concerned about where i left my car.

i think if the west coast was ever hip and artsy and diverse and cool all the artists have moved to random neighborhoods in the LA metro where they can actually afford to be poor and unsuccessful 

or they've found their niche on the internet 
